1. Panegyric: formally expressing praise
2. Ardour: feelings of great warmth and intensity
3. Ardent: characterized by intense emotion
4. Countenance: the appearance conveyed by a person's face
5. Embark: set out on, as an enterprise or subject of study
6. Palpable: capable of being perceived
7. Resolution: a decision to do something or to behave in a certain manner
8. Mien: a person's appearance, manner, or demeanor; one's manner or conduct
9. Affable: diffusing warmth and friendliness
10. Contempt: lack of respect accompanied by a feeling of intense dislike
11. Indefatigable: showing sustained enthusiasm with unflagging vitality
12. Affectation: deliberate pretense or exaggerated display
13. Deference: courteous regard for people's feelings
14. Dogmatic: pertaining to a code of beliefs accepted as authoritative
15. Pedantry: an ostentatious and inappropriate display of learning
16. Ostentation: pretentious or showy or vulgar display
17. Abstruse: difficult to understand
18. Facile: performing adroitly and without effort
19. Beguile: attract; cause to be enamored
20. Infallible: incapable of failure or error
21. Irksome: tedious or irritating
22. Consummation: the act of bringing to completion or fruition
23. Obliterated: reduced to nothingness
24. Precept: a rule of personal conduct
25. Incessant: uninterrupted in time and indefinitely long continuing
26. Bore: a person who evokes tedium
27. Torrent: an overwhelming number or amount
- like a flood of something, such as water, thoughts, events, etc.
28. Unremitting: relentless nature of something; something that just won't stop
29. Hallowed: worthy of religious veneration
30. Profane: grossly irreverent toward what is held to be sacred
31. Engrossed: giving or marked by complete attention to
32. Incipient: only partly in existence; imperfectly formed
33. Deprecate: express strong disapproval of; deplore
34. Sublime: of high moral or intellectual value
35. Imbue: spread or diffuse through
36. Abhor: feel hatred or disgust towards
37. Sagacity: the trait of having wisdom and good judgement
38. Succour: assistance in time of difficulty
39. Imprecate: wish harm upon; invoke evil upon
40. Desolate: cause extensive destruction or ruin utterly
41. Requisite: necessary for relief or supply
42. Insurmountable: not capable of being overcome
43. Dissipate: cause to separate and go in different directions
- disperse and fade away
44. Candour: the quality of being honest and straightforward
45. Infirmity: the state of being weak in health or body
46. Dilatory: wasting time
47. Impediment: something immaterial that interferes with action or progress
- anything that interferes with the progress of an endeavour
48. Machination: a crafty and involved plot to achieve your ends
49. Indolence: inactivity resulting from a dislike of work
